{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\nouicompat{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Segoe UI;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset238 Segoe UI;}{\f2\fnil Segoe UI;}{\f3\fnil\fcharset2 Symbol;}}
{\*\generator Riched20 10.0.19041}\viewkind4\uc1 
\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\f0\fs22\lang9 Allah has enjoined upon His slaves five prayers throughout the day and night at specific times decreed by the wisdom of Allah so that the slave may be in contact with his Lord in these prayers throughout all of these times. They are for the heart like water for a tree, given to it time after time, not all in one go and then it stops.\par
Part of the wisdom behind doing the prayers at these times is so that people will not get bored or find it too difficult, which would happen if they all had to be done at once. Blessed be Allah, the Wisest of judges.\par
The times of the prayers had been mentioned in several places in the book of Allah (Quran) and in the sunnah of the Prophet, peace and blessings of Allah be upon him. The most prominent of these places are the following:\par
\b From the Quran:\par

\pard\sl276\slmult1\qc\b0\lang2057 !!QURAN#\i\lang9 So exalted is All\f1\u257?h when you reach the evening and when you reach the morning. (17) And to Him is [due all] praise throughout the heavens and the earth. And [exalted is He] at night and when you are at noon. (18)\i0\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qc\f0\fs20\lang2057 [Ar-R\f1\u363?m\f0  (30): 17-18]\par

\pard\sl276\slmult1\qc\fs22 !!QURAN#\i Establish prayer at the decline of the sun [from its meridian] until the darkness of the night and [also] the Qur\rquote\f1\u257?n [i.e., recitation] of dawn. Indeed, the recitation of dawn is ever witnessed. (78)\i0\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qc\f0\fs20 [\f1 Al-Isr\u257?\rquote\f0  (17)\f1 : 78\f0 ]\par

\pard\sl276\slmult1\qc\fs22 !!QURAN#\i And if they do not respond to you - then know that it [i.e., the Qur\rquote\f1\u257?n] was revealed with the knowledge of All\u257?h and that there is no deity except Him. Then, would you [not] be Muslims? (14)\i0\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qc\f0\fs20 [\f1 H\u363?d\f0  (11)\f1 : 14\f0 ]\par

\pard\sl276\slmult1\qc\fs22 !!QURAN#\i So be patient over what they say and exalt [All\f1\u257?h] with praise of your Lord before the rising of the sun and before its setting; and during periods of the night [exalt Him] and at the ends of the day, that you may be satisfied. (130)\i0\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qc\f0\fs20 [\u7788?\f1\u257?-H\u257?\f0  (20)\f1 : 130\f0 ]\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\b\fs22 From the sunnah:\par

\pard\sl276\slmult1\qc\b0 !!HADITH#'Abdullah b. 'Amr reported: The Messenger of Allah (\f2\u-518?) said: The time of the noon prayer is when the sun passes the meridian and a man's shadow is the same (length) as his height, (and it lasts) as long as the time for the afternoon prayer has not come; the time for the afternoon prayer is as long as the sun has not become pale; the time of the evening prayer is as long as the twilight has not ended; the time of the night prayer is up to the middle of the average night and the time of the morning prayer is from the appearance of dawn, as long as the sun has not risen; but when the sun rises, refrain from prayer for it rises between the horns of the devil.\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qc\fs20 Sahih Muslim \f0 (\f2 612\f0 )\par

\pard\sl276\slmult1\qc\fs22 !!HADITH#Narrated Abdullah Ibn Abbas: The Messenger of Allah (\f2\u-518?) said: Gabriel (\u-518?) led me in prayer at the House (i.e. the Ka'bah). He prayed the noon prayer with me when the sun had passed the meridian to the extent of the thong of a sandal; he prayed the afternoon prayer with me when the shadow of everything was as long as itself; he prayed the sunset prayer with me when one who is fasting breaks the fast; he prayed the night prayer with me when the twilight had ended; and he prayed the dawn prayer with me when food and drink become forbidden to one who is keeping the fast.\f0  \f2 On the following day he prayed the noon prayer with me when his shadow was as long as himself; he prayed the afternoon prayer with me when his shadow was twice as long as himself; he prayed the sunset prayer at the time when one who is fasting breaks the fast; he prayed the night prayer with me when about the third of the night had passed; and he prayed the dawn prayer with me when there was a fair amount of light.\f0  \f2 Then turning to me he said: Muhammad, this is the time observed by the prophets before you, and the time is anywhere between two times.\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qc\fs20 Sunan Abi Dawud \f0 (\f2 393\f0 ) & Jami` at-Tirmidhi (149)\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\b\fs28 Time of Fajr:\par
\b0\fs22 The time for Fajr begins with the onset of the \ldblquote second dawn\rdblquote  (al-fajr al-thani) and ends when the sun starts to rise. The \ldblquote second dawn\rdblquote  is the brightness that appears along the horizon in the east and extends north to south. The \ldblquote first dawn\rdblquote  (al-fajr al-awwal) occurs approximately one hour or less before this, and there are differences between the two: \par

\pard{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf3\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1 In the \ldblquote first dawn\rdblquote  the brightness extends from east to west, and in the \ldblquote second dawn\rdblquote  it extends from north to south.\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}The \ldblquote first dawn\rdblquote  is followed by darkness, i.e., the brightness lasts for a short period then it becomes dark. The \ldblquote second dawn\rdblquote  is not followed by darkness, rather the light increases.\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}The \ldblquote second dawn\rdblquote  is connected to the horizon, with no darkness between it and the horizon, whereas the \ldblquote first dawn\rdblquote  is separated from the horizon with darkness between it and the horizon.\lang9\par

\pard\sl276\slmult1\qc\lang2057 !!IMG#fake_dawn.jpg\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qc\fs20 First dawn (fake)\par

\pard\sl276\slmult1\qc\fs22 !!IMG#true_dawn.jpg\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qc\fs20 Second dawn (true)\par

\pard\sl276\slmult1\qc\fs22 !!IMG#sunrise.jpg\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qc\fs20 Time of Fajr ends at sunrise\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\b\fs28 Time of Dhuhr:\par
\b0\fs22 The start of the time for Dhuhr is when the sun has passed its zenith i.e., has passed the highest part of the sky and started to descend towards the west, and it lasts until the shadow of everything is equal in length to the object itself, plus the length of the shadow of the object at the time of the zenith.\par

\pard\sl276\slmult1\qc !!IMG#dhuhr_start_en.png\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qc\fs20 Start of the time of Dhuhr at noon\par

\pard\sl276\slmult1\qc\fs22 !!IMG#dhuhr_end_en.png\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qc\fs20\lang9 End of the time of Dhuhr\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\b\fs28 Time of Asr:\par
\b0\fs22 The time for Asr begins when the time for Dhuhr ends, i.e., when the length of an object\rquote s shadow becomes equal to the length of the object itself; according to the view of the majority.\par
Abu Hanifah (may Allah have mercy on him) is of the view that Asr begins when the length of an object\rquote s shadow becomes twice the length of the object itself.\par
For the end of the time for Asr, there are two times:\par

\pard 
{\pntext\f0 1.\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlbody\pnf0\pnindent0\pnstart1\pndec{\pntxta.}}
\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1 The preferred time: this lasts from the beginning of the time for \lquote Asr until the sun begins to turn yellow.\par
{\pntext\f0 2.\tab}The time of necessity. This lasts from the time the sun turns yellow until sunset.\par

\pard\sl276\slmult1\qc !!IMG#dhuhr_end_en.png\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qc\fs20 Begining of the time of Asr\par

\pard\sl276\slmult1\qc\fs22 !!IMG#sunset.jpg\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qc End of the time of Asr\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\b\fs28 Time of Maghrib:\par
\b0\fs22 The time for Maghrib starts immediately after the time for Asr ends, which is when the sun sets, until the twilight or red afterglow has faded. When the red afterglow has disappeared from the sky, the time for Maghrib ends and the time for \lquote Isha\rquote  begins.\par

\pard\sl276\slmult1\qc !!IMG#sunset.jpg\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qc\fs20 Start of the time for Maghrib at sunset\par

\pard\sl276\slmult1\qc\fs22 !!IMG#red_twilight.jpg\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qc\fs20 The time of Maghrib ends when the twilight disappear\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\b\fs28 Time of Isha:\par
\b0\fs22 The time for Isha begins immediately after the time for Maghrib ends (i.e., when the red afterglow disappears from the sky) until midnight, after which is a time of necessity.\par

\pard\sl276\slmult1\qc !!IMG#red_twilight.jpg\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qc\fs20 The time of Isha begins when the twilight disappear\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\fs22 To calculate when midnight is, we can calculate the time between sunset and the break of true dawn (when Fajr begins) then we divide it in half; that halfway point is the end of the time for praying Isha (and that is midnight).\par
\par
And Allah knows best.\fs20\par
}
 